Add `PageHeader` Docs (#1402)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/page-header/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

## Icon Tile

Displays a Helios [IconTile](/components/icon-tile) as a visual indicator for the content of the page, object, or product branding.

![Page Header Icon Tile](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-icon-tile.png =700x*)

!!! Info

For consistency and to avoid competing visually with the title, only the `medium` size of the [IconTile](/components/icon-tile) is supported in the Page Header.

!!!

## Badges

Displays Helios [Badges](/components/badge) to communicate high-priority metadata like the status of the page and metadata that is subject to change. We recommend using a maximum of three Badges within the Page Header and prioritizing the most contextually relevant metadata.

![Page Header Badges](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-badges.png =700x*)

!!! Do

Use badges to express similar or related metadata pertaining to the page content.

![Page Header Badges Metadata](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-badges-do-metadata.png =700x*)

!!!

!!! Dont

> Don't use more than three badges within the Page Header, instead explore ways to express additional metadata in the `customMetadata` area or move the content to the main page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t use more than three badges within the Page Header, instead explore ways to express additional metadata in the `customMetadata` area or move the content to the main page.
```

![Page Header Badges Metadata](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-badges-dont-many-badges.png =700x*)

!!!

## Subtitle

Displays a subtitle beneath the title to communicate metadata that does not change frequently or is not subject to changes within the application. Common examples of this are organization name, project name, unique IDs, resource names, etc.

![Page Header Subtitle](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-subtitle.png =700x*)

!!! Dont

> Don't use full sentences in the subtitle, use a [description](#description) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t use full sentences in the subtitle, use a [description](#description) instead.
```

![Page Header Full Sentence Subtitle](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-subtitle-dont-full-sentence.png =700x*)

!!!

## Description

Displays a description beneath the title and subtitle to communicate more detailed information about the page, link out to external documentation and resources, and capture more generic information about the page. Not all pages need a description, especially if the title is explicit enough.

> We recommend limiting the Page Header description to 1-2 sentences. If a longer description is required, consider linking to external documentation or moving more detailed content to an interstitial component like a [Flyout](/components/flyout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend limiting the Page Header description to 1–2 sentences. If a longer description is required, consider linking to external documentation or moving more detailed content to an interstitial component like a [Flyout](/components/flyout).
```

![Page Header Description](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-description.png =700x*)

!!! Dont

> Don't include overly complex details, long-form content, or instructions in the description. This can add too much visual weight to the Page Header and can detract from the content on the main page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t include overly complex details, long-form content, or instructions in the description. This can add too much visual weight to the Page Header and can detract from the content on the main page.
```

![Page Header Long Form Description](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-description-dont-long-form.png =700x*)

!!!

!!! Do

Instead, link to more complex content using an [Inline Link](/components/link/inline) with an optional icon to indicate the scope of the link (internal resource, external resource, etc).

<Hds::PageHeader as |PH|>
<PH.Title>HCP Packer Dashboard</PH.Title>
<PH.IconTile @icon="packer-color" @color="packer" />
<PH.Description>
Channel created and managed automatically for you by Packer. For more information on how this channel is managed refer to the Packer <Hds::Link::Inline @icon="external-link" @href="#">documentation</Hds::Link::Inline>.
</PH.Description>

> </Hds::PageHeader>

Reviewer: I recommend indenting nested elements for better code readability.

Author: Ah, good catch. I think that was a prettier mistake.

![Page Header custom metadata](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-custom-metadata-example.png =700x*)

### Key/value pairs as custom metadata

Representing metadata with a set of key/value pairs is common in HashiCorp products and can be useful when communicating relational information between products, versioning, and other structured data.

![Custom metadata key/value pairs](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-custom-metadata.png =600x*)

!!! Dont

We recommend not exceeding more than four key/value pairs; this can result in unnecessarily complex content within the Page Header. Instead, move this content to the page.

![Complex metadata dont](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-custom-metadata-dont.png)

!!!

## Actions

Use [Buttons](/components/button) and [Dropdowns](/components/dropdown) in the Page Header to highlight functions and actions that impact the page as a whole. Examples of this include:

- Creating new objects that are listed within the page
- Surfacing management details like connecting to an API

> - Pausing or refreshing a service pertaining to the page

Reviewer: Should probably add periods after these list items for consistency with your other list items elsewhere

### Primary button

Use a `primary` [Button](/components/button) in the Page Header to highlight the most important flow or action on the page. Examples of this include:

- A flow that creates an object that is related to the page, e.g., creating a new cluster or adding a new user.
- Launching or deploying a specific product instance.

### Secondary button

Use a `secondary` [Button](/components/button) in the Page Header when highlighting actions that are less important than the primary action, such as editing the content on a page, managing access, etc.

### Tertiary button

Use a `tertiary` [Button](/components/button) when highlighting low-priority actions like integration and terminal instructions.

![Page Header Actions Tertiary Button](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-actions-tertiary-button.png =700x*)

### Dropdowns

Use a [Dropdown](/components/dropdown) in the Page Header to combine multiple secondary functions, tasks, or elements that assist the user in managing the information or objects on the page. Examples of this include:

- Copying API credentials to manage the object remotely
- Editing or changing settings
- Deleting or deactivating an object

> - Linking to documentation

Reviewer: Should perhaps add periods for consistency

When used in these scenarios and paired with a `primary` button, use a `secondary` [Dropdown](/components/dropdown).

!!! Do

Use a primary [Dropdown](/components/dropdown) when the same action can be done in multiple different contexts. For example, taking the same action through a different interface or path; GUI, CLI, or API call.

![Page Header primary dropdown](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-actions-do-primary-dropdown.png =853x*)

!!!

!!! Dont

> Don't use a `primary` color [Dropdown](/components/dropdown) when combining different, unrelated actions. Instead, use the `secondary` color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t use a `primary` color [Dropdown](/components/dropdown) when combining different, unrelated actions. Instead, use the `secondary` color.
```

## Usage

### When to use

- To display the title or topmost heading within a page.
- To communicate metadata pertaining to the page; e.g., status, description, subtitle, etc.
- To highlight page-level actions and functions.

### When not to use

- To communicate page-level information anywhere other than the top of the page.

## Title

> Displays the title or topmost heading of the page. This should be limited to no more than four words and not exceed 50 characters.

Reviewer 2: Hi Jory, I think the "no more than four words" is hard to follow because there are page titles that are showing user-defined values. For example, the HCP Organization name, which is user-defined and is used on the organization dashboard page as the title. There is a character number limitation of 36, but no limitation on how many words it can contain (and it allows spaces). 
For the "50 characters" limitation, so far it seems fine to me - I know Terraform Cloud's org name has a 40 characters limitation, and most of the user-defined names on HCP have a 36 characters limitation. But my research is not exhaustive so there is a chance that the 50 limitation is not applicable. But I agree that this is a good rule of thumb in most of the scenarios.

Reviewer 2: I forgot to mention that the use case of having the org name be the page title is an ongoing ticket to be implemented here once the page header component is available: https://hashicorp.atlassian.net/browse/HCPF-639

Author: Ok for now I'll leave the recommendation on the character limit, but remove the note on number of words. That's a good point on user generated titles.

> ### Multiple `<h1>` elements

Author: I'm torn on this topic as well, I think it's nice to use a heading and be able to link to it, but let me see if I can reword it

> ### Multiple `<h1>` elements

Reviewer 3: ah, good point to having a direct link 🤔

Since the Page Header renders the title in an `<h1>` element, ensure that this is the only `<h1>` on the page. More than one `<h1>` can confuse screen readers and impact the semantic hierarchy of the page.

## Size

Size only pertains to the Figma component and accounts for smaller viewports by stacking elements. The Ember component supports a basic level of fluidity and responsiveness out of the box.

Refer to [responsiveness](#responsiveness) for more information on how the component adapts to different viewport and container sizes.

### Large

![Large Page Header variant](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-size-large.png =945x*)

### Small

> ![Small Page Header variant](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-size-small.png =300x*)

Author: I've nested the section on responsiveness under the size since they are related and moved it to the end since it's less relevant than the other topics.

## Breadcrumb

Displays a Helios [Breadcrumb](/components/breadcrumb) to communicate the application hierarchy and location to the user.

> ![Page Header Breadcrumb](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-breadcrumb.png =700x*)

Reviewer 2: Suggest to update this example to match with the third screenshot in this ticket: https://hashicorp.atlassian.net/browse/HCPF-639

Reasons: 
- The first item for Organization uses an "org" icon. Suggested to be updated to the "dashboard" icon to match better with the type of the page (an org dashboard).
- The second item uses the outdated icon choice for "project" .  It has been updated to use the "doc" icon because we want to reserve the "folder" icon for the future resource hierarchy called "Folder", which sits in between Organization and Projects. 
- With multi-project, we introduced a project listing page which is currently missing in the breadcrumb

Author: Great, thanks for the notes on outdated icons, I'll update! There will likely be other screens and examples that I'll have to clean up as well.

### Multiple Breadcrumb components

Since the [Breadcrumb](/components/breadcrumb) uses a landmark `<nav>` element, ensure that there is only one Breadcrumb on the page, or differentiate between Breadcrumbs by passing them different `ariaLabel` arguments. Refer to the [Breadcrumb API](/components/breadcrumb?tab=code#component-api) for more details.

## Icon Tile

Displays a Helios [IconTile](/components/icon-tile) as a visual indicator for the content of the page, object, or product branding.

![Page Header Icon Tile](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-icon-tile.png =700x*)

!!! Info

> Only the `medium` size of the [IconTile](/components/icon-tile) is supported in the Page Header.

Author: I'm not sure how important this is to consumers, but I've added a note about not competing visually with the title which is the core reason.

> Only the `medium` size of the [IconTile](/components/icon-tile) is supported in the Page Header.

Reviewer 4: Whenever we "restrict" something, it's nice to be as helpful in the guidance as possible.

![Page Header custom metadata](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-custom-metadata-example.png =700x*)

### Key/value pairs as custom metadata

Representing metadata with a set of key/value pairs is common in HashiCorp products and can be useful when communicating relational information between products, versioning, and other structured data.

![Custom metadata key/value pairs](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-custom-metadata.png =600x*)

!!! Dont

We recommend not exceeding more than four key/value pairs, this can result in unnecessarily complex content with the Page Header. Instead, move this content into the page.

![Complex metadata dont](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-custom-metadata-dont.png)

!!!

## Actions

Use [Buttons](/components/button) and [Dropdowns](/components/dropdown) in the Page Header to highlight functions and actions that impact the page as a whole. Examples of this include:

- Creating new objects that are listed within the page
- Surfacing management details like connecting to an API

> - Deleting or deactivating an object

Reviewer 2: For disruptive actions like this, I suggest we include it in a dropdown menu with a label like "Manage". If we put it on the top level as a primary or secondary button, it is prone to misclicks.

- Pausing or refreshing a service pertaining to the page

![Page Header Actions](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-actions.png =853x*)

### Primary button

Use a `primary` [Button](/components/button) in the Page Header to highlight the most important flow or action on the page. Examples of this include:

- A flow that creates an object that is related to the page, e.g., creating a new cluster or adding a new user.
- Launching or deploying a specific product instance.

### Secondary button

Use a `secondary` [Button](/components/button) in the Page Header when highlighting actions that are less important than the primary action, such as editing the content on a page, managing access, etc.

### Tertiary button

> Use a `tertiary` [Button](/components/button) when highlighting low-priority actions like linking to external documentation.

Reviewer 2: Do we have an example in production that uses this pattern? 
Since the page header space is precious, only critical and page-level actions should be included in the actions area. I think the primary and secondary button option is enough, and there is no need to support a tertiary button.

A link to the documentation page can be included in the page description as an inline link (like the Packer example), or in the main page area in the empty state call-to-action area.  What do you think?

Reviewer 4: Can this be updated to use a more real-world example? I know there was one that came up in Nomad. My concern is that this example will lead to confusion since you've outlined elsewhere that external documentation links should go in the description.

Author: I've updated the example of this, the example from Nomad triggers a terminal instance that allows you interact with the job through a console.

Alternatively, since this isn't really a pattern we want to recommend broadly, we could exclude this from the docs. The support would still exist within the component, but would be "hidden" a bit. Downsides: might be confusing when to use a tertiary button (if at all).

![Page Header Actions Tertiary Button](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-actions-tertiary-button.png =700x*)

### Dropdowns

Use a [Dropdown](/components/dropdown) in the Page Header to combine multiple secondary functions, tasks, or elements that assist the user in managing the information or objects on the page. Examples of this include:

- Copying API credentials to manage the object remotely
- Editing or changing settings
- Deleting or deactivating an object
- Linking to documentation

When used in these scenarios and paired with a `primary` button, use a `secondary` [Dropdown](/components/dropdown).

!!! Do

Use a primary [Dropdown](/components/dropdown) when the same action can be done in multiple different contexts. For example, taking the same action through a different interface or path; GUI, CLI, or API call.

![Page Header primary dropdown](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-actions-do-primary-dropdown.png =853x*)

!!!

!!! Dont

> Don't use a `primary` [Dropdown](/components/dropdown) when combining different, unrelated actions. Instead, use the `secondary` color.

Reviewer 2: > Instead, use the `secondary` color.
Should this be "dropdown" instead of "color"?

Author: Color refers to the property name, but I'll admit this doesn't read well. I'll clean it up a bit.

For more details on how to combine, order, and organize buttons, refer to the [Button order, organization, and alignment](/patterns/button-organization) pattern documentation.

!!! Dont

Don't pair two primary actions in a Page Header. Instead, communicate the highest priority action for the user with a primary Button or Dropdown and other actions with a secondary Button or Dropdown.

![Page Header two primary actions](/assets/components/page-header/page-header-dont-two-actions.png =700x*)

!!!

## Responsiveness

The Page Header component in Figma supports two sizes; `large` which accounts for the majority of desktop sizes and large tablets, and `small` which accounts for smaller tablet and mobile devices. The core difference between each variant is the vertical stacking of elements.

The Ember component uses a variety of different methods to ensure fluidity and responsiveness:

- By default, the component will fill the page layout it is used within. It does not have any padding or margin explicitly applied, allowing it to adapt to different layout and spacing methods.

> - The component has breakpoints by means of container queries (at `7680px` and one at `400px`) that account for the majority of content within the component and stack elements in a single column as the container shrinks.

Reviewer 2: Can we double-check the first breakpoint of 7680px?? I saw a different defition in the [Vercel deployment ](https://hds-showcase-g6krxiq38-hashicorp.vercel.app/components/page-header)that says:

> The component uses container queries to determine two breakpoints at 700px and 400px which stack the content in a single column.

Reviewer 5: @apriofrost I've had the same doubt, and looking at the code seems the correct one is `768px` (so the `700px` is the one to change)

Author: Good catch!

### Responsiveness

The Page Header component in Figma supports two sizes; `large` which accounts for the majority of desktop sizes and large tablets, and `small` which accounts for smaller tablet and mobile devices. The core difference between each variant is the vertical stacking of elements.

The Ember component uses a variety of different methods to ensure fluidity and responsiveness:

- By default, the component will fill the page layout it is used within. It does not have any padding or margin explicitly applied, allowing it to adapt to different layout and spacing methods.
- The component has breakpoints by means of container queries (at `768px` and one at `400px`) that account for the majority of content within the component and stack elements in a single column as the container shrinks.
- Elements displayed inline with each other (e.g., title and badges) have `flex-wrap: wrap;` set to wrap elements when the available space is reduced.

!!! Info

Additional responsive characteristics are the responsibility of the consumer and dependent on the layout and spacing methods defined at the application level.

!!!

> ## Related

Reviewer 5: should we add "Button", "Breadcrumb", "Dropdown" too?

Author: If I remember correctly the blueprint inserts a comment recommending to only list two related components (I'm not sure why). In this case it's probably useful to capture the further nested components.
